Globally say "Microsoft Edge Add-ons", without "store", "site", or "website" (#3409)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/developer-guide/alternate-distribution-options.md

Reviewer: global: check modified spots in repo & full search repo, consistent use of eg:
the Microsoft Edge Add-ons site

---
title: Alternative ways to distribute an extension

> description: How to distribute extensions using alternate methods that don't use verified browser extension stores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: How to distribute a Microsoft Edge extension by using alternate methods that don't use verified browser extension stores.
```
